Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Happy New Year
Oh, really? So you're keeping
the status quo with Hananoi-kun?
A-As embarrassing as it is, yeah.
If I'd known, I wouldn't have asked
you to come in a big group.
But Hananoi-kun said he'd come too.
And I'd like it if you guys can
all become friends with him too!
I'm sorry, Hananoi-kun!
Hotaru! Hibiki!
Happy New Year!
Now we just gotta wait for the boys.
Oh, I bet Hananoi-kun is already here.
He always shows up way early for stuff,
so I've been asking him
to wait somewhere warm.
Hananoi-kun!
Hotaru-chan!
Happy New Year.
Haven't seen you since Christmas.
Huh? Wh-What is this?
Hananoi-kun is more radiant than usual today.
Thanks for the New Year's card.
Let's make it a great year, okay?
Hotaru-chan?
Oh! Let me introduce my friends.
This is Kyo-chan and Shibamu.
We're all in the same class.
H-Hello!
I'm Asami Hibiki.
I'm Shibamura Tsukiha.
Kyo-chan and I were classmates
in middle school, too.
I feel kinda bad for making
you come with all of us.
I bet you two wanted to be alone.
Maybe it's me, but he
doesn't look like he's laughing!
Mornin'!
My bad. Sorry I'm late.
Oh, Hananoi!
Good to see you, man.
Who are you?
Uh?
Dude, we're in the same class!
Episode 4
Our First Shrine Visit
Wow! I know it gets this way
every year, but it sure is crowded!
Hey, guys! Don't get separated, okay?
Hotaru-chan.
If it's okay with you...
I-I'm good!
I'll hang on to Shibamu.
Oh, fine by me.
Why not take my arm?
Ooh, you feel so stable!
I hope that all of my friends
are happy every day
and that I can learn what love is.
My wish only took a second.
Don't you want to ask for something?
God has never really done anything for me.
Oh... really?
Cool. That's wishes down, so let's go eat.
What? Let's draw our fortunes first.
Charms
Fortunes
But the lines are huge right now.
Right? Don't you think so, Hinase-san?
Huh? Actually, I...
Okay. You guys are in charge of mains and sides.
We'll take care of drinks and dessert.
We'll meet up at the torii gate!
All right!
Okay, what should we go for?
Hey. What do you wanna eat, Hananoi?
Jeez, man, I can tell you're
head over heels for Hinase-san.
You don't act anything like that at school.
Color me surprised.
Why not share some of that
sunshine with your classmates?
I have no intention of becoming friends.
Huh?
Wh-What?
It was you, right?
Who filled Hotaru's head with ideas
of trying out kissing and stuff.
Honestly, this whole thing today
is kind of a pain in the ass.
I don't have "sunshine" to share
with anyone but Hotaru-chan.
So if you get it, stay out of my way, okay?
I wonder if the boys are getting along.
They're classmates. I'm sure they're fine.
Yakisoba
Baby Castella
Grilled
Squid
But Hananoi-kun doesn't really
seem to be feeling it today.
Huh?
You didn't even notice?!
He hasn't talked to anyone but you, Hotaru.
I had no idea...
Well, you haven't seen each other recently.
Of course he wants to be alone
with the girl he likes.
But, I mean, it's only been a week.
You really don't get it!
When you're in love, even a day
apart feels like eternity!
Love makes every day together sparkle!
D-Do you agree, Shibamu?
Yeah, I guess so.
When you've waited to see someone,
it's great to finally reunite.
I know what that feels like.
What's wrong, Hotaru?
I almost feel like we're having girl talk.
This is 100 percent girl talk!
You're totally out of your element,
aren't you, Hotaru?
Hey!
Wait, where's Hananoi-kun?
Huh?
Um... On the way, yeah, we got split up.
But he knows where we're meeting,
so I'm sure it's fine.
I'm gonna go look around.
You can eat without me!
Oh!
Hananoi-kun!
Hotaru-chan.
Well then, thank you very
much for your help.
Not at all. Please take care.
Grilled Squid
Someone you know?
No. I just happened to be
there to lend a hand.
Sorry. I was about to head back.
Hotaru-chan?
I-It's nothing. Let's catch up with everyone.
Wait.
Buttered Potatoes
Can we stay just the two of us
a little longer?
It's been so long since
we got to talk like this.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm sorry I couldn't spend
New Year's with you.
My little sister was in a tizzy
on New Year's Eve.
You like your stupid boyfriend
more than me!
With your family and all your friends,
it's gonna be tough to get you all to myself.
But Hananoi-kun doesn't really
seem to be feeling it today.
Um, are you having fun?
As long as you're with me,
Hotaru-chan, I'm happy anywhere.
U-Um, Kyo-chan and Shibamu
are both really nice.
I'm sure they are.
If you like them, Hotaru-chan,
I'm sure they're great people.
Ah, this mood...
I wonder if I misunderstood
how Hananoi-kun feels again.
I really wish he could make
friends with Kyo-chan and the others,
but I guess I shouldn't try to force it.
Oh!
Uh, sorry. There was a
leaf stuck in your hair.
O-Oh...
Hotaru-chan, are you avoiding me today?
Huh? Oh, no! I'm not avoiding you.
I just, I don't know, feel a little shy.
Maybe because we haven't seen each
other recently? I wonder why.
I don't really understand it myself.
Okay.
Maybe we're making some progress then.
Huh?
Um, listen, would you let me
recharge just for a little bit?
Oh.
Is your phone battery running low?
W-Wait, h-huh? What did you mean?
Don't worry.
Just stay right there.
I promise not to touch you.
I haven't had enough of you recently.
I thought I was going to die.
Wh-What am I supposed to do?
I can smell Hananoi-kun...
It's been a while since he's
been this close to me.
I feel kind of nervous, but I also feel
like I'm getting something that I needed.
Could that mean I wanted to see him too?
Thank you.
All charged up now.
Want to go back to the others?
Yeah.
So that's it.
That's what he meant by a "recharge."
I'm learning new things every day,
but there's still so much I don't understand.
I want to discover even more.
Like what kind of person Hananoi-kun is.
What he cares about. What he treasures.
And then someday, I want to put
the biggest smile on his face.
I'd like to see that.
Charms
Fortunes
Is this spot okay?
Your Wish
It may take time, but it will eventually come true.
The Person You're Waiting For
They may be late to arrive.
The Thing You've Lost
Take your time looking for it.
Your Journey
A place close to the sea is best.
Someday...
Huh?
Hey, Yao!
Oh, sorry.
What's up?
Nothing. I just thought
I saw a familiar face.
Welcome!
It's the third term now.
Thank you very much.
I decided to get a part-time job
for a change of pace.
Hota-chan, you've already
gotten the hang of checkout!
S-Satomura-san...
After the other day,
I was reminded just how much
I don't know about Hananoi-kun,
so I decided to step into a world
I think interests him.
Excuse me!
Coming!
This is my first job and everything
about it makes me nervous.
Excuse me.
Yes! Welcome...
I'd like to buy these.
Hananoi-kun! You really came to see me!
Yeah!
Black Hole Traveler
You look good in the uniform.
Can I take a picture later?
D-Don't tease me!
For these two items,
your total is 1,100 yen.
Since school's started back up
and I see him every day,
I don't get flustered each time
we meet up like I used to.
Kohdansha Novel Awards SciFi Winner
I didn't know you read books like these.
I read everything.
Deciding to work here is already paying off!
Say, Hotaru-chan, how late
are you working today?
I'm on until closing, so eight.
Okay. Can I wait over
there until you're done?
Huh? Th-That's fine, but it's only six right now.
I'll read while I wait.
See you then, okay?
Hey, hey!
I-Is that guy a friend of yours?
Oh, um, yeah. We go to the same school.
Oh wow! He's so good-looking!
What a surprise.
I always figured you'd
get a job at a restaurant.
Why did you pick a bookstore?
Um, well...
N-No particular reason!
Oh, okay.
Oh no! That must have come off wrong.
What is this? I feel like I'm obsessing
over his reactions recently.
Working part-time, huh?
I'll be disappointed if this
means less time together.
Don't worry! It's only three days a week.
I guess so.
Several Days Later...
Have a good night!
Huh?
Hananoi-kun?
Were you waiting for me?
Yeah. I was just leaving the
library and noticed the time.
It's already dark, so I'll walk you home.
Several More Days Later...
Have a good night!
Huh? Again?!
It's dangerous to be out alone at night.
Night? But it isn't even six yet.
Hananoi-kun, I'll be okay by my—
Wait, no.
That's right.
Hananoi-kun values our time
together more than I realize.
Actually, sure. If it's okay with you.
Wow! He looks so happy.
We respond to things differently,
so I'll have to be mindful.
I think once I figure that out, I'll start
to understand who Hananoi-kun is inside.
Oh.
Huh?! Big Sis?!
You said you had work today!
Yeah, I just got off.
He walked me home because it's dark.
My! Thank you, Hananoi-kun!
I'll be on my way.
Oh, already?
Why not stay for dinner
since you came all this way?
Hananoi-kun, thanks for waiting!
Dinner will be ready in a little bit.
Um, I know I promised not to touch you,
but in a situation like this, Hotaru-chan,
you shouldn't let your guard down.
Oh, uh, right!
My only thought was spending time
together since he's been so lonely.
He's kept his distance
since he "recharged," but...
Oh, that's right, Hotaru-chan.
It's my turn, isn't it?
Thanks!
I actually just wrote in it a few minutes ago.
Huh?
I want to see what little Hotaru-chan looked like
Wow!
S-So cute!
N-Next time, you have to show
me your photo albums too!
Huh?
I don't think they'd be very interesting.
Look who's talking!
I was boring and nerdy when I was a kid.
Really? I can't even imagine that.
This is my chance to ask him things!
Oh...
U-Um, Hananoi-kun, when you were younger—
Hotaru-chan, you look good
even with long hair.
Would you ever grow it out again?
Ah...
My hair?
No... I, uh... I don't think I ever will.
Crap! I'm making things awkward again!
What about you, Hananoi-kun?
I thought you looked nice with
long hair when we first met.
In that case, maybe I'll grow it out.
You'd go back to that?
Wait...
I keep doing the same thing recently.
Is it okay to just let that go?
I want to ask Hananoi-kun more,
but I'm not talking about myself.
Is that okay?
U-Um, you know what?
Hmm?
The reason I wanted to work at a bookstore
is because I wanted to understand you better.
Huh?
And also, well, a long time ago,
someone cut my hair as a prank.
It was back in elementary school.
A friend I used to be really close with
did it as a joke.
It was a real shock.
And since then, I've kept my hair short.
Is that the friend you mentioned before
that you fell out with?
Yeah.
I hurt her first,
and I didn't realize how badly.
So we're kind of even, I guess.
I've been terrible about understanding
people's feelings since I was little.
I said it.
Maybe that was too heavy.
In my case,
I was a gloomy kid in elementary school.
I was too scared to talk
to people I didn't know.
You were, Hananoi-kun?
I transferred partway
through elementary school,
but I couldn't make a single friend
at my new school either.
I was really the worst.
Then we're two of a kind.
Hananoi-kun is so nice.
I'm glad I told him. That's the first
time he's opened up about his past.
I'm so glad you told me.
Thank you.
That must have been hard to share.
Hotaru-chan, there's
nothing terrible about you.
Nobody can truly understand
the hearts of others,
and yet you still try to understand me.
You think about how I feel. You try so hard.
With you, Hotaru-chan,
I'm experiencing so much for the first time.
We're the same.
I'm not the only one who
gets overwhelmed by new things
and wants to learn more.
It isn't just me.
I-I'm sorry! I mean...
I-I-I-I-I'm really sorry! Your head was
in the perfect spot, so I just...
Hota—
Hotaru, Hananoi-kun! Dinner's ready!
Why did I do that? I know Hananoi-kun
is trying to hold back.
For some reason, I just suddenly
wanted to touch him so badly.
Well, thanks for dinner.
See you tomorrow!
What's wrong with me?
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
And... when can I recharge again?